Create ui-c8y-1021-22-62-correct-link-to-microservice-sla-documentation-8712-graft-release-y-2025.md (#3153)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-22-62-correct-link-to-microservice-sla-documentation-8712-graft-release-y-2025.md

---
date: ""
title: Correct link to microservice sla documentation (#8712) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8767)
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63073
version: 1021.22.62
---

> Correct link to microservice sla documentation (#8712) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8767)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Add Microservice** view in **Administration**, the link to the SLA documentation was incorrect. The link is now updated.
```

> In the **Add Microservice** view in **Administration**, the link to the SLA documentation was incorrect. The link is now updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the **Add Microservice** dialog in the Administration application, the link to the Microservice SLA documentation was incorrect. This issue has been fixed and the link now points to the correct URL.
```
